morning guys it's Thursday
feels like a Friday and I am dragging
ass this morning I'm so tired I don't
know why I was tired last night
my wife got home from work and I was
trying to talk to her and you know talk
about my day and talk about our listen
to her day and I was just like I even
put a bit like at 9:30 I think a seven
hey are you waiting for my legs do what
my family
Oh done
mommy what hi probably mmm
what you got a pen
this kid would eat this every day if I
let him huh
love your egg sandwiches
all right so got all the morning reports
done at work and figured I'd make a
quick run to Subway to take advantage of
their buy one get one free deal they
have going on before 9:00 a.m. by 6-inch
sub get another six inches up for free
so pretty good deal I typically eat a
footlong so I figured eating two six
inches or getting to six inches I'll eat
one now and then eat one later and maybe
they don't work out so behind I've
basically done three miles each day at
5:00 hopefully
so here's baby Juliana a new toy and she
likes it in the garden a bottle a
butterfly bottle all right so here at
Pratt's pets about to get baby's last
set of shots or at least to the next set
of shots I don't know if it's quite the
last set or not but she's about four
months old now and she's due for the
next round
sit sit sit sit
Thanks are you doing why she might be oh
come daddy
why do you dirty feet walk-in sidewalk
you like to wear flip-flops a lot huh
and for some reason his Flintstone feet
always get dirty
Bryce remember it when you throw take a
step with your left leg
there you go see how much farther it
goes good hit buddy good hit I am it's
red well it is
I smell something
I saw something yummy I smell cookies oh
yeah these I believe are the cookies
from Sierras cookie no sale many many
months ago and they've been in the
freezer
ever since I think the wife only got the
nerve to make them alright so it's uh
about 8:30 p.m. and I'm just now
exporting now yesterday's video so first
lesson learned
on doing a daily video blog or daily
video period is don't skip the editing
don't postpone the edit II don't get to
it tomorrow because stuff happens and
things get in the way and the next thing
you know it's the next day it's the end
of the next day and just like that
you're almost almost a day behind I'm
practically a day behind because as soon
as I get this uploaded I have to turn
around
edit this video so that's ready tomorrow
I've been trying to get the videos out
by noon last night I was extremely tired
and so I did not do the indie editing I
was like I'll do it tomorrow on my lunch
break
well today I had a training class at
work and ended up going to lunch with
some of the people from the class and so
I didn't get a chance to edit the video
and I also didn't do any walking I have
to force myself to finish these the
night the day of could be editing down
the day out unless I know for a fact I
have nothing going on tomorrow right
like like Friday I could probably skip
my editing tomorrow night because
Saturday morning I can I can no no I
can't
it Bryce's t-ball game so yeah I really
just need to edit
her name will see online keep this up